hey guys what's up its loony teen tease
so today we are doing a loop video from
80,000 abyssal demons what I did was I
let my legendary pet loot everything I
occasionally looted some whips and
things like that or anything lowing
other than that the the pet looted uh
probably ninety percent of the entire
bag space so just to prove that I killed
80,000 let's go ahead and check it I've
killed the 80 thousand and one abyssal
demons here's this guy right here you
gotta love a general chat and it is what
it is but let's hear let's go into the
tap so here it is I've killed a 80,000
and I actually it's a it's funny because
magic logs and new logs are almost equal
but abyssal demons don't drop a hue lux
they drop magic logs but they don't drop
you log so this is all from the rare
drop table drops over a thousand rune or
over a thousand adamantite bars almost
400,000 a pure essence so pretty cool
there's a there's a lot of stuff in here
but um if you look at it closely a lot
of it's actually rare drop table items
abyssal demons drop the rare drop table
stuff which is I I say it through a drop
table it's things that are on that that
chart that are rare and monster all
monsters can drop it but abyssal demons
drop it so much more often as you can
see almost 70,000 flasks so I know what
you want let's get into it price check
time alright eighty thousand ninety
three million GP so that's pretty good i
still have some stuff that i get in
price check in here also some water
talismans and things like that so all
that will be priced checked in the
100,000 loot video so you guys can get a
fair estimate the goal was was to get um
100 mil and that's going to be achieved
very easily in this tab so it's
cool all right guys like the video share
the video do whatever you got to do and
tomorrow we will have a video that's
kind of a funny video because I
accidentally made 20 million GP alright
guys and like always anything goes good
with the dragonmen